## CSE 305 Project
### E-Commerce Application Brought to you by:
#### Benjamin Michalowicz, Ian Peitzsch, Veronica Quintana

Our group used MySQL Workbench (8.0) to create our database. MySQL worked well for us as a program with an easy-to-understand UI and SQL writing/testing/debugging features. Our database has Customer, Item, Seller, Address, Reviews, Shipment, Employee, CreditCard, Payment, and Buys tables. The design focuses around the Customer, as the center of an E-Commerce application will always be the people who use the application. 
	Each customer has their personal details (such as name, payment, email) and references an address. This allows for the customer to be registered in the database, but the address need not be immediately added to their information. This additionally requires either all or none of the address to be used, rather than allowing portions to be left out. The Seller has a name and an ID, and the name defaults to Anonymous in the case that a seller does not input a name for themselves. Items in the database link to the Seller; they also have other identifying information such as price, type, quantity available, and name. The quantity is used in conjunction with the Inventory to determine how much of an item is present in the database. The types are also useful in this regard, as they help a user to see similarly typed items. 
	With the Reviews functionality of the E-Commerce system, each customer is permitted a single review per item. Reviews are linked to a customer’s ID, and the customer need not give a written review but must submit a rating out of 10. Each purchase of course comes with a Shipment, which has its own ID and reference’s a customer’s address. Shipments have a status of PROCESSED, SHIPPED, or ARRIVED, for the convenience of the user eagerly awaiting their purchase from the application.  The Buys table keeps track of what the customer has bought/wants to buy. It links the customer to an item, gives the quantity of the items to the user desires to purchase, then gives the price of buying the quantity of that given item. Payment references the CreditCard table, as they go hand in hand to allow users to actually purchase their items and provide a type of payment. The CreditCard table references a customer, and the payment references the card and the amount. 

